-Lesson 3 > task 1 > description

In this task as root project use example/ from Lesson2/task2. 
Copy this folder and work on it.
The task concerns on form's fields validation and some other stuff. 
HTML5 have native attributes which validate fields after submit form (Click on button submit in this case).
Use only HTML and CSS.

// Index.html - Form page

D 1. Inputs 'Name', 'Surname', 'Age', 'Birth', 'Password' and 'Retry password' must be required.
D 2. Phone should have 9 characters. No less no more.
D 3. Add placeholder text for 'Name' input - "First Name". 
D 4. Town should have default value - "Wroclaw"
5. Date - min value should be '1990-12-20' and max should be '2000-01-12';
6. Add new fieldset section Additional Data (the same as 'advanced-form-mockup.png'). There are 3 input fields:
   - 'email' input with placeholder - "Apply E-mail..."
   - 'select image' input which allow user to apply files to form
   - 'summary' input which allow user to apply some text. This field should have max 100 characters.
7. Add new "Reset" button in the same level as "Submit" button. The button should be aligned to left side and have the same styles
   When user click on the button, all form's fields should be reset - form should be in the same state as on the begining.
8. Help button (yellow) - should move user to another page - /help. Create new html file and look at 'help-mockup.png'.

// Help.html - Help page

Use flexbox for positioning of elements!

1. Help page has header
2. Under header are 4 blocks in one line. Try to map mocku one to one. Pay attention on paddings, colors and alignment of elements.
3. First blue block isn't input it is normal block with text. Block should have 100px height and 50% width. No less no more!
   Add very long text inside this block, so that it does not fit inside. With css make text elipssis = in result you should have '...' on the end of block.
4. Green blocks are the same.
5. Try to make similar element as black-white element. TIP: try to create 4 triangle with html/css.
6. Under this section is image section. There is "Help image" text which is centrally centered to the image 
7. Apply image to the site - no matter what, choose something from internet.
8. Back button should move to Index.html.